Sunday January 4th, 2026 6:39pm

My first ever journal entry after 23 years on earth, and I'm writing it
in a code editor as a .txt file. 

That's pretty modern tho if you think about it. No spell check, no margins;
mostly just as good as real journaling only somehow more...sterile. I 
abbreviated "though"as "tho," but not "about" as "abt" since I'm trying to 
toe the line between hip, down to earth fellow, and professional, well read 
indiviadual.

I don't exactly have a plan for what these are going to entail. I'm going
to just try and use them as a sort of daily mind landfill. What I hope 
happens, what with this being public and all, is that there will be an 
overarching, entertaining narrative that plays out day by day. "Nov. 3 
saw a girl in class." "Nov. 4 asked to borrow a pen from her." "Nov. 5 she
now sits on the other side of the classroom." Yknow funny stuff like that
except it's like...my life.

2 of my cousins write regularly, one for work and the other in a journal. I
read her most recent article and it was pretty good, and my other cousin is 
to blame for giving me this idea in the first place. That reminds me, I gotta
figure out how to link to certain things throughout the journal since I AM 
making whatever this website turns out to be, entirely from scratch. If the
text is blue and underlined I figured it out; if it ain't, it ain't.

While writing this, I got a notification that the house my aunt and I have
been working on for most of now last year has been unlocked, meaning the
first people to stay there just made it. Having been so involved in that
house, seeing it at its absolute worst, and now seeing people living there
is a weird feeling. My aunt was watching the camera as they moved in. It's
kinda creepy knowing what complete strangers are doing with extreme accuracy. 

I'm going to turn off the notifications from the wifi door lock now.

I don't know what this is going to look like once I'm done writing it, but I'm 
gonna try and make it look like if "The Guardian" and bill wurtz' journal had a
horribly troubled lovechild.The only things I ever read and probably will read 
from "The Guardian" are the early 2000's articles where Victoria Coren Mitchell
talks about being a bachelorette, smoking, and gambling. Yknow, girl stuff.

I hope all of these aren't gonna be this long and that only because this is the
first one do I have a lot to say. Like do people who write in their journals write
from the perspective that it'll one day be seen by someone? Or do they just go full
balls to the wall and write down everything that comes to their mind? That sounds
kinda reckless. I can think of at least 3 things that came to mind that I didn't
want the fact I said them (thought them?) permanently out in the digital space, but I 
guess since I KNOW this is going to be posted, I won't be getting that full therapeutic
"Dear diary" experience.

Now I'm thinkin I should end every entry with something cool to like give myself and YOU!
THE READER!! something to look forward to in the next one, but I can't be bothered.