Tuesday January 6th, 2026 12:39am

I have been sick for the last I don't know 3 days now? This was supposed
to be a daily journal, but I literally slept throuhg most of yesterday.
I was also sleeping when I woke up to use the bathroom and decided I might
as well do an entry since this is as close to yesterday as I can physically
get. I also just noticed the minutes of the clock are the same as the first
entry which is cool.

I was having a dream about following a friend of mine on a motorcycle. I was
trying to take a turn really low and ended up bailing and going onto a dirt 
road. A stranger was there on one of those mountain bikes with fat ass 
tires, and I had to tell him to go around me as I turned around at the cul de
sac at the end of the road. 

The plural of "cul de sac" is "culs de sac." I learned this amazing factoid from 
Gilmore Girls, an amazing show. I thought it was "culs de sacs" and had to look
it up and apparently it means butt of te sack which is pretty funny and not at
all what it describes lol.

Ok not really that was just some reddit moron misinterpreting the actual meaning
"bottom of the sack" to mean "butt". That makes more sense then if the round part 
of the cul de sac is supposed to be the "bottom" of the bag and the road bit is 
the open part. Lotta quotes in this one.

I just rewatched the clip of the show that the fact is said in and man...that show 
is so well written.

I've also been watching "The Spectacular Spider-man" an animated spiderman show that
used to air on I wanna say DisneyXD. It's surprisingly good being well animated,
written, and performed by the cast. Clancy Brown, the voie actor for Mr.Krabs plays
Rhino and John DiMaggio the voice actor for Jake the Dog plays Sandman which is neat.

I'm gonna try and fall back asleep to episode 7 now. 

I need it to be known that after that sentence I wanted to write "TOODLES" like that 
in all caps n everything but couldn't bring myself to do it even ironically.

An app that lets you journal and post them to be read by others. Would need heavy
spam detection and control seeing as there'd be no character limit.

Ok good morning.